.TH device.conf "5" "December 2013" "mhvtl 1.5" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
device.conf \- Configuration file for
.BR vtllibrary(1)
and
.BR vtltape(1)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Each configured device contains a unique entry in device.conf

Each section starts at column 1 and is terminated by a blank line.
.IP e.g.
Library: 10 CHANNEL: 00 TARGET: 00 LUN: 00
 Vendor identification: SPECTRA
 Product identification: PYTHON
 Product revision level: 550V
 Unit serial number: XYZZY_A
 NAA: 10:22:33:44:ab:00:00:00
 Home directory: /opt/mhvtl/Spectra
 fifo: /var/tmp/mhvtl
 PERSIST: True
.PP
Where descriptor
.B Library:
or
.B Drive:
starts each section The descriptor is followed by a unique ID (a decimal number)

On the same line following the descriptor is the SCSI corrordinates for the
device described.

.B Vendor identification,
.B Product identification,
.B Product revision level
and
.B Unit serial number
are common fields across all device types.

.B NAA
field is used by some backup software (e.g. Legato) as means to uniquely identify devices. It is used by INQUIRY VPD page 0x83. Most software uses the
.B Unit serial number
as the unique identifier.

.B Compression:
factor
.B X
enabled
.B Y

Where
.PP
.B X
is 1 through 9.
.IP
1 is fastest compression, 9 is best compression.
.PP
.B Y
.IP
1: compression is enabled, 0: compression is disabled.

.PP
.B Compression type:
zlib or lzo

.PP
.B Backoff:
Value between 10 and 10000. Default is 1000.
This value is added to existing 'usleep' time in between ioctl polls. If there is work to do, the usleep time is reset to 10.

.PP
.B Home directory:
/some/where/with/space
.PP
Specify a parent directory for the virtual media associated with this library.
Only in valid ^Library: entries (not for ^Tape: entries)

.PP
.B fifo:
/some/where/for/named/pipe
.PP
If fifo: is defined, (near) real time state information will be available
for external applications by reading from this named pipe.
.PP
Note: the '-f fifo' switch on daemon startup has higher precedence

.PP
.B PERSIST:
True | False
If PERSIST is set to 'Yes' or 'True' - enable saving state on shutdown.
A file 'library_contents.XX.persist' will be created on shutdown to save
persistent state. On startup - Default to read the
library_contents.XX.persist if the file exists. Fall back to
library_contents.XX if no .persist file exists.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
.RS
This man page.
.RE
.RS
No version information.
.RE
.RS
Config file not xml.
.RE
.RS
.BR vtllibrary(1)
and
.BR vtltape(1)
needs to be restarted to read any changes made.
.RE
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR library_contents(5)
.BR build_library_config(1),
.BR make_vtl_media(1),
.BR mktape(1),
.BR mhvtl(1),
.BR vtlcmd(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
