.TH edit_tape "1" "December 2013" "mhvtl 1.5" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
edit_tape \- Utility to update meta data virtual media for the VTL.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B edit_tape
.B [ \-h ]
.B [ \fIoptions \fR]
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Create and initialise new media for the Virtual Tape Library. Media is created in the
/opt/vtl/ directory. This path is hard coded.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-m PCL\fR
where PCL is the Physical Cartridge Label (barcode).
.TP
\fB\-w on|off\fR
Turn on|off media write-protect flag
.TP
\fB\-s size\fR
where size is the capacity of the virtual media - Size is defined in 'megabytes'.
.TP
\fB\-t type\fR
The media 'type' which can be: "data" , "WORM" (Write Once Read Many) or
"clean" (cleaning cartridge)
.TP
\fB\-d density\fR
Media density. Can be one of LTO1, LTO2, LTO3, LTO4, SDLT1, SDLT2, SDLT3, SDLT4, AIT1, AIT2, AIT3,
AIT4, T10KA, T10Kb, T10KC, 9840A, 9840B, 9840C, 9840D, 9940A, 9940B, J1A, E05 and E06

The 'J1A, E05 and E06' media densities refer to the IBM 03592 media types.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
Needs to be made user friendly.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR build_library_config(1),
.BR make_vtl_media(1),
.BR library_contents(5),
.BR mhvtl(1),
.BR vtlcmd(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
.BR mktape(1)
