.TH mktape "1" "January 2013" "mhvtl 1.4" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mktape \- Utility to create new/blank virtual media for the VTL.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mktape
.B [ \-h ]
.B [ \fIoptions \fR]
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Create and initialise new media for the Virtual Tape Library. Media is
created in the /opt/mhvtl/ directory by default. This can be over-ridden
using the 'Home directory: ' setting in device.conf.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-l n\fR
Where n is the library index number (default library index numbers 10 & 30).
The 'Home directory: ' entry for the library specified is used as parent
directory for media created.
If the library index number does not exist, then a subdir under /opt/mhvtl/<n>
is created and virtual media created in this directory.
e.g. "vtlcmd -l 20 -m ABC123 -s 1024 -t data -d LTO3" will create a virtual
media 'ABC123' in /opt/mhvtl/20/ (if no library index 20 defined in device.conf)
.TP
\fB\-m PCL\fR
where PCL is the Physical Cartridge Label (barcode).
.TP
\fB\-s size\fR
where size is the capacity of the virtual media - Size is defined in 'megabytes'.
.TP
\fB\-t type\fR
The media 'type' which can be: "data", "WORM" (Write Once Read Many),
"clean" (cleaning cartridge) or "NULL" for media which does not save data.

The NULL is a special media type used primarily to test performance with disk
writes kept to a minimum. Note: Metadata (512bytes per data block) is still
written.
.TP
\fB\-d density\fR
Media density. Can be one of LTO1, LTO2, LTO3, LTO4, SDLT1, SDLT2, SDLT3, SDLT4, AIT1, AIT2, AIT3,
AIT4, T10KA, T10Kb, T10KC, 9840A, 9840B, 9840C, 9840D, 9940A, 9940B, J1A, E05 and E06

The 'J1A, E05 and E06' media densities refer to the IBM 03592 media types.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
Needs to be made user friendly.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR build_library_config(1),
.BR make_vtl_media(1),
.BR library_contents(5),
.BR mhvtl(1),
.BR vtlcmd(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
.BR edit_tape(1)
