.TH vtl.conf "5" "February 2008" "vtl 0.14" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
vtl.conf \- Configuration file for
.BR vtllibrary(1)
and
.BR vtltape(1)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Configuration file to define startup behaviour of the vtl.
.IP
USE_MIXED_DRIVES = [0|1]

If USE_MIXED_DRIVES is set to 1, then the first three drives will be IBM
Ultrium, the next three will be QUANTUM SDLT600 and the following three
will be AIT-4. If USE_MIXED_DRIVES is set to 0, all tape drives will be IBM
Ultrium.

.IP
SSC_BUFFER_SZ = 262144

Define buffer size used by each SSC (tape) device within the kernel.

.IP
SERIAL_PREFIX = XYZ

Define a serial number prefix for each SSC device. If each device s/no. has
not been defined in
.BR library_contents(5)
then this prefix is used to generate each devices serial number.

.IP
VERBOSE = [0|1] Enable verbose logging at startup.

.IP
DEBUG = [0|1] Enable debug logging

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
.RS
This man page.
.RE
.RS
No version information.
.RE
.RS
Config file not xml.
.RE
.RS
.BR vtllibrary(1)
needs to be restarted to read any changes made.
.RE
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR build_library_config(1),
.BR mktape(1),
.BR vtl(1),
.BR vtlcmd(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
