.TH vtlcmd "1" "July 2011" "mhvtl 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
vtlcmd \- user space utility to send commands to
.BR vtltape(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
daemons.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vtlcmd 'Q number'
.B [ \-h ]
.B [ \fIcommand \fR]
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Where 'Q number' is the message queue number for the drive (see
.BR vtltape(1)
)

.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display this help and exit
.SH COMMAND
.IP verbose
Toggle verbose flag. This will cycle verbose flag thru verbose settings 3 2 1 off
.IP "load <ID>"
Load media ID (barcode) - Used for stand-alone tape drive daemon.
.IP "unload <ID>"
Unload media ID (barcode)
.IP "compression <ZLIB|LZO>"
Changes compression libraries used to compress each block of data
.IP "TapeAlert <alert flag>"
Send a 64bit hex number, each bit corresponds to one TapeAlert flag as defined by t10.org. Where bit 0 is TapeAlert flag 1, and bit 63 is TapeAlert flag 64.
.IP exit
Send a terminate message to daemon.
.IP online
Valid for
.B library
only.
Place library in 'online' mode.
.IP offline
Valid for
.B library
only.
Take library 'offline'.
.IP "list map"
Valid for
.B library
only.
Returns a list of media IDs in Media Access Port (MAP).
.IP "open map"
Valid for
.B library
only.
Logically 'opens' the Media Access Port (MAP).
.IP "close map"
Valid for
.B library
only.
Logically 'closes' the Media Access Port (MAP). MAP needs to be 'closed'
before the Medium Transport Element can move media to/from MAP.
.IP "empty map"
Valid for
.B library
only.
Clears media from Media Access Port (MAP). Only valid when MAP is
in 'open' state
.IP "load map <media>"
Valid for
.B library
only.
Places <media> logically into the Media Access Port (MAP). Note: <media> needs
to exist first, otherwise the command fails with suggestion to create media
first. see
.BR mktape(1)
for creating media.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
Needs to be made user friendly.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR library_contents(5),
.BR mhvtl(1),
.BR mktape(1),
.BR vtllibrary(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
