.TH vtllibrary "1" "September 2011" "mhvtl 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
vtllibrary \- user space daemon to handle SCSI SMC commands for Virtual Tape Library.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vtllibrary
[\fI-v|-d\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
The vtllibrary daemon should (needs) to be started AFTER
.BR vtltape(1)
daemons. The vtllibrary registers each
.BR vtltape(1)
via message queue. The vtllibrary reads /opt/mhvtl/library.contents
and dynamically buils an internal structure of Storage slots and Media Access slots.
All media movement is performed on internal structures only. The configuration file
is never changed. i.e. A re-start of the daemon will result in the loss of any
previous media movements.
When media is moved to/from a "Data transfer element" (tape drive), a (un)load message is sent
via the drive 'slot number' message Q number to load/unload the barcode.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Enable debug logging (to stdout). Do not backgound the process.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Enable verbose logging (to syslog)
.SH FILES
/etc/mhvtl/library_config
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mark Harvey
.SH BUGS
Does not implement the complete SCSI SMC-2/SMC-3 command set.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <markh794@gmail.com> <mark_harvey@symantec.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR library_contents(5),
.BR mktape(1),
.BR make_vtl_media(1),
.BR mhvtl(1),
.BR vtlcmd(1),
.BR vtltape(1)
